Mon Dec 18 14:07:26 MSK 2023 -> The length of the document number must be equal to 15 characters 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfDocumentNumber(Validation.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:26 MSK 2023 -> Contract number need to start with 'contract' and then any sequence of letters/numbers! 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfContract(Validation.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:26 MSK 2023 -> The length of the document number must be equal to 15 characters 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfDocumentNumber(Validation.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:26 MSK 2023 -> Contract number need to start with 'contract' and then any sequence of letters/numbers! 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfContract(Validation.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:26 MSK 2023 -> The length of the document number must be equal to 15 characters 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfDocumentNumber(Validation.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:26 MSK 2023 -> Contract number need to start with 'contract' and then any sequence of letters/numbers! 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfContract(Validation.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:26 MSK 2023 -> The length of the document number must be equal to 15 characters 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfDocumentNumber(Validation.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:26 MSK 2023 -> Contract number need to start with 'contract' and then any sequence of letters/numbers! 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfContract(Validation.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:26 MSK 2023 -> The length of the document number must be equal to 15 characters 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfDocumentNumber(Validation.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:26 MSK 2023 -> Contract number need to start with 'contract' and then any sequence of letters/numbers! 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfContract(Validation.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:26 MSK 2023 -> The length of the document number must be equal to 15 characters 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfDocumentNumber(Validation.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:26 MSK 2023 -> Contract number need to start with 'contract' and then any sequence of letters/numbers! 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfContract(Validation.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:26 MSK 2023 -> The length of the document number must be equal to 15 characters 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfDocumentNumber(Validation.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:26 MSK 2023 -> Contract number need to start with 'contract' and then any sequence of letters/numbers! 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfContract(Validation.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:26 MSK 2023 -> The length of the document number must be equal to 15 characters 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfDocumentNumber(Validation.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:26 MSK 2023 -> Contract number need to start with 'contract' and then any sequence of letters/numbers! 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfContract(Validation.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:26 MSK 2023 -> The length of the document number must be equal to 15 characters 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfDocumentNumber(Validation.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:26 MSK 2023 -> Contract number need to start with 'contract' and then any sequence of letters/numbers! 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfContract(Validation.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:26 MSK 2023 -> The length of the document number must be equal to 15 characters 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfDocumentNumber(Validation.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:26 MSK 2023 -> Contract number need to start with 'contract' and then any sequence of letters/numbers! 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfContract(Validation.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:26 MSK 2023 -> The length of the document number must be equal to 15 characters 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfDocumentNumber(Validation.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:26 MSK 2023 -> Contract number need to start with 'contract' and then any sequence of letters/numbers! 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfContract(Validation.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:26 MSK 2023 -> The length of the document number must be equal to 15 characters 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfDocumentNumber(Validation.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:26 MSK 2023 -> Contract number need to start with 'contract' and then any sequence of letters/numbers! 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfContract(Validation.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:26 MSK 2023 -> The length of the document number must be equal to 15 characters 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfDocumentNumber(Validation.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:26 MSK 2023 -> Contract number need to start with 'contract' and then any sequence of letters/numbers! 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfContract(Validation.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:26 MSK 2023 -> The length of the document number must be equal to 15 characters 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfDocumentNumber(Validation.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:26 MSK 2023 -> Contract number need to start with 'contract' and then any sequence of letters/numbers! 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfContract(Validation.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:26 MSK 2023 -> The length of the document number must be equal to 15 characters 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfDocumentNumber(Validation.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:26 MSK 2023 -> Contract number need to start with 'contract' and then any sequence of letters/numbers! 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfContract(Validation.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:27 MSK 2023 -> The length of the document number must be equal to 15 characters 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfDocumentNumber(Validation.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:27 MSK 2023 -> Contract number need to start with 'contract' and then any sequence of letters/numbers! 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfContract(Validation.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:27 MSK 2023 -> The length of the document number must be equal to 15 characters 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfDocumentNumber(Validation.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:27 MSK 2023 -> Contract number need to start with 'contract' and then any sequence of letters/numbers! 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfContract(Validation.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:27 MSK 2023 -> The length of the document number must be equal to 15 characters 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfDocumentNumber(Validation.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:27 MSK 2023 -> Contract number need to start with 'contract' and then any sequence of letters/numbers! 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfContract(Validation.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:27 MSK 2023 -> The length of the document number must be equal to 15 characters 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfDocumentNumber(Validation.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:23)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
Mon Dec 18 14:07:27 MSK 2023 -> Contract number need to start with 'contract' and then any sequence of letters/numbers! 
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.validation.Validation.checkValidationOfContract(Validation.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.service.ValidationService.validationService(ValidationService.java:33)
com.teachmeskills.lesson_14.Runner.main(Runner.java:49)
